hi my name is candy shawl collar and I'm
the owner and educator of Jameson shawl
hairdressers in Atlanta Georgia and I'm
here today to teach you a little bit
about how to cut your own bangs that way
you don't have to go into the salon with
your head held low when you tell your
hairdresser that you messed up so with
my model ericka here I'm going to show
you first how you actually part off the
bang line so first what we do is you
comb your hair down and sort of push a
little bit in this area and the proper
amount of bangs should fall out tuck
that behind the ear and then come to the
other side push and the bangs should
fall out lightly tuck that behind the
ear so just by using a conventional clip
that you can get in the drugstore you
might want to pull back the sides that
you put behind the ears parting that
hair off and removing it out of your way
then by taking your scissors remember
that the best thing that you can do when
you're cutting your own bangs
is not try to cut straight across
anytime you cut straight across what
happens is the the bangs typically jump
up and you'll end up having more of a
wave effect on the bang so the best way
to cut your bangs at home on your own
would be to take it starting in the
middle pulling everything from both
sides in like so lift and then cut with
the point of your scissor that will
eliminate you having a hard line or a
jump in your bedding so by elevating the
bang just take the point of your shear
and cut into the bang line by pulling
everything to the middle this will allow
you to get more of the u-shape in your
bang when you're finished
so now you can cut your bangs in just
five minutes
remember to comb them into the middle
elevate them and point cut them and
you'll have the perfect bang for the
weekend